So we have seen how to create a database and the natural next step is to see how to delete one.
It's pretty simple.
The command is drop database and then whatever the name of the database is that you're looking to do
it.
So we'll come across this term drop here a couple of times in the course.
It's basically the sequel version of delete.
And we'll be able to use it to drop things other than just a database be able to delete tables for instance.
Once we get there.
So let's try it up.
Back in cloud 9 when I ran share databases here are two that I created.
I'm not going to delete any of the preexisting ones.
I just don't want to mess with that.
So we will delete both of these though.
Hello world DP and testing D-B.
So let's do that now.
Drop database.
Hello world TV semi-coma.
And you can tell that it works.
First of all because it said queery OK but then also if I recall show database's this time hello world
D-B is gone.
Let's do the same thing.
Drop database for testing TV.
This time I'm going to leave off a semi-colon not because it's a good idea but just to remind you that
your code will not execute until you had that in there.
Doesn't matter that it's on a separate line.
We'll be writing multi line queries just a little bit.
What does matter is that it's there at all.
It's what indicates that you're done and that it should run.
So we can just double check that it worked.
Now our testing DB is gone as well.
So that's all there is to dropping a database.
Pretty straightforward comment.